Add support for @nullable trait in order to support MergePatch usecases (#1408)
disneystreaming/smithy4s: modules/docs/markdown/04-codegen/01-customisation/13-nullable-values.md

---
sidebar_label: Nullable Values 
title: Nullable Values
---

> By default, smithy does not distinguish between a value being absent and it being null - both are translated to `scala.None`, which in turn will be serialised as an absent value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official smithy toolset does not offer anything to distinguish between an absence of value and a value set to null during (de) serialisation. 
```
